Add Willow's Profile (#1461)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Willow-Lyu/Willow-Lyu.md

---
id: "c9a4a7ff-fd9c-f011-bbd3-000d3a6b63e7"

qualifications: ""

quote: "Every beginning has its magic."
quoteAuthor: "Hermann Hesse"
---

[Editing your profile]: https://github.com/SSWConsulting/People/wiki/3.-Editing-your-profile

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Developer-react](../badges/Developer-react.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Developer-dotnet-core](../badges/Developer-dotnet-core.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Developer-python](../badges/Developer-python.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Developer Github](../badges/Developer-github.png)

> Willow is a software engineer based in the SSW Hangzhou office. Before joining SSW, she worked as a product manager for 4 years and later as a full stack developer. Her experience in both roles has given her a strong foundation in understanding user needs, planning projects, and building software solutions from end to end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Willow is a software engineer based in SSW’s Hangzhou office. Before joining SSW, she spent four years as a product manager before transitioning to full-stack development. Her combined experience gives her a strong foundation in understanding user needs, planning projects, and delivering end-to-end software solutions.
```

Willow holds degrees from both China and Canada, which has given her a broad perspective and strong cross-cultural communication skills. She enjoys working in diverse teams and values collaboration and continuous learning. 

> Willow mainly works with .NET, EF Core, and React, focusing on delivering clean, efficient, and user-friendly solutions. She is also exploring emerging technologies, including AI-related tools, to enhance productivity and improve project outcomes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
She primarily works with .NET, EF Core, and React, focusing on delivering clean, efficient, and user-friendly solutions. She is also exploring emerging technologies, including AI-powered tools, to enhance productivity and improve project outcomes.
```
